How to Play
Survivors
Rules
Contact
Sign Up
Login
FAQ

If you can't find an answer to your question here please contact us.

How do I invite others to my league?

Share your league’s unique 12-digit code. Tap here to view your code.

Note: Anyone with the code will be allowed to join. Be careful when posting publicly on social media.

How do I leave or change my league?

From the main navigation, tap Leagues (or tap here). Find the league you want to leave and tap the red Leave button. Finish by selecting Confirm.

To join or create a new league, tap the white Add League button on the Leagues page and follow the setup steps.

Important: You cannot leave a league after it has drafted. Once drafting begins, the Leave button will disappear.

What is the max league size?
A league can have up to 50 players.
Am I able to join multiple groups?
Yes. Players may join up to 3 different leagues.
How do I change my tribe name?
From the league page, tap the small edit icon  next to your tribe name or tap here to change it.
Do I still earn Vote Points if a Survivor quits or is removed from the game?
No. Players do not earn Vote Points for a Survivor who quits, is medically evacuated, or is removed from the game by production. See full Rules for more details.
What happens when my drafted survivor gets voted out?
The survivor will stop earning you points. You don't gain or lose any points for a drafted survivor getting voted out.
Who should I vote for in the final episode?

Always vote for the Survivor you believe will be voted out of the game.

A Survivor is considered voted out if any of the following occur:

They receive the most votes at tribal council;
They are eliminated after drawing rocks;
They lose a final fire-making challenge; or
They receive the most votes and go to another location (such as Extinction Island).

Survivors not considered voted out include the winner, second place and third place finishers.

How do I view previous Seasons results?
From the main navigation, tap Leagues. Near the top of the page, tap League History, then select a previous season to view your league’s results from that season.

“Wanna know what you're playing for?”

Login
Register
How to Play
Rules
FAQ
Survivors
Episodes
Contact & Support
Facebook

© FantasySurvivorGame.com. This site is not affiliated with, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or officially connected in any way with SURVIVOR, CBS, SEG, or any of its affiliates. Images used are the property of their respective trademark holders.