SHOP
identos
League
Tribe
Vote
Standings
Castaways
FANTASY SURVIVOR DRAFT
 Back to Draft
DRAFTING SURVIVORS

Each player will draft 2 Survivors. Draft order will be determined randomly before the draft begins. The draft will follow a snake format over two rounds, meaning the pick order reverses in Round 2 (the player who picks first in Round 1 will pick last in Round 2). The draft will run automatically.

You may set Survivor preferences in advance, which the system will use to help determine your pick when it’s your turn. You can alter your draft preferences at any time until the draft begins.

The full draft results will be available for viewing after the draft concludes.

Throughout the season, your drafted Survivors can earn you points based on their performance in the game, including winning challenges, rewards, and finding advantages. Be sure to review the full Rules to see all the ways points can be scored.

SETTING YOUR DRAFT ORDER

Instrustions for drafting/setting preferences...

On September 23rd, 2026 at 8:00pm EDT you will draft 2 survivors for your tribe (team) based on the draft order you set below.

OPTIONAL PREFERENCES

You may select some optional preferences to guide how your Survivors are drafted.

No Preference
All male
All female
One of each
All from the same tribe
All from different tribes

If you select No preference, the system will make your picks, based on your Draft Order without any restrictions. You can also choose to draft All male, All female, or One of each. Additionally, you may prefer Survivors who are All from the same tribe or All from different tribes. Your selected preference will help determine which available Survivors are chosen for you during the automatic draft.

 Back to Draft
How to Play
Rules
FAQ
Overview
Vote
Group
Survivors
Episodes
My Account
Invite Friends
Join/Leave Group
Survivor Draft
Sole Survivor
Contact & Support
Facebook

© FantasySurvivorGame.com. This site is not affiliated with, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or officially connected in any way with SURVIVOR, CBS, SEG, or any of its affiliates. Images used are the property of their respective trademark holders.